Switch Security 
------------------------------------

VLANs - Identify logical groupings of computers based on switch port. 
   Ex: Using a switch with multiple ports, you assign each port to a specific 
      virtual LAN. Identify the port with a VLAN ID, or name. 
   * Used to isolate traffic from one group of computers to another group.
   * Devices and computers outside cannot access.

Trunking - Several switches on the same network.
   * VLAN - Only traffic within the same VLAN and can only be sent out ports that
      are associated with that same VLAN.
   * Trunk Port (Special Port Protocol): Is a member of both of the VLANs 
      that have be defined on each switch. 
   * By Default: a trunk port is a member of all VLANs defined on the switch.

Destination Broadcast - In a switch network its sending it to everyone and its brother

Frame Tagging - When moving from switch to switch that frame needs to be modified
   so that the recieving switch knows the VLAN ID associated with that frame. 
   Ex: Switch cannot simply assume that incomeing frames are, from the red VLAN
   because it could also be from purple VLAN. 
   
Inter-VLAN Routing - Devices can only communicate with other devices that are 
   members of the same VLAN.
   * Connect router through 1 interface making the router a member of 1st VLAN
   * Use a second connection to connect the router to the switch, and making this
      port a member of the other VLAN. 
   * Information sent from the first device goes through the router and then is
      forwarded to the recieving device.
      
Port Security (MAC Address Filtering) - Switch drops frames that are not 
   associated with allowed MAC addresses. Uses the MAC address to make decisions 
   about whether a frame should be forwarded through the switch. Switch keeps 
   track of a list of MAC addresses and ports. 

Port Violation - Unathorized device detected on the switch.
   * Switch could disable port
   * Learning Function: when you connect a device to a port the switch will 
      identify the MAC address and make an entry in its table.
      
Port Authentication - Enable / disables communication through a specific port
   based on the authentication status of a device. 
   
RADIUS server - recieves authentication information and identifies whether the
   device or that user is allowed to connect to the network. 
